Update getting-started-on-aurora.md (#616)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/getting-started-on-aurora.md

* Non-final configurations (storage, OS versions, etc...)
* Short notice for downtimes (scheduled downtimes will be with 4 hr notice, but sometimes downtimes may occur with just an email notice). Notices go to the <aurora-notify@alcf.anl.gov> email list. All users with access are added to the list initially.

> See this page for additional Early User Notes and Known Issuesthis [page](./known-issues.md) for known issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Early User Notes and Known Issues](./known-issues.md) for details.
```
